Upgrade-Link zur Nutzung der Gerätesynchronisierung und Erklärung des Google Cloud-Updates (#42631)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/google_assistant.markdown

    7. This will start a download of a JSON file.
        1. Rename the file to `SERVICE_ACCOUNT.json`.
        2. In Home Assistant, add this file to your config-folder. This will be the same folder as your {% term "`configuration.yaml`" %}.

>     8. Click on the **lens icon** in the navigation bar in Google Cloud and search for **Homegraph API** and select it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    8. In the navigation bar in Google Cloud, select the **magnifier** icon, search for **Homegraph API**, and select it.
```
